Hello guys will come back I want you guys to pause to view and try to create your own address.
I see what it is the same as the one that would create in a big hand.
It is exactly the same as profil API.
I'm going to read for a bit.
Actually I'm waiting for you guys actually.
I'm still waiting.
Time's up.
I'm going to create another API.
I'm going to copy and paste Profar API and change some of the code to fit the address API.
So I was going to same capitis inditing if you want to learn.
You should typing by myself typing up every single line here and change this to dress.
And this one will be dress hoops and this one will be user dress.
Awesome.
And here you want to remove everything except you want to do it.
Got that crest what it comes to
it is pretty straightforward.
Pessin the Gita will teach me to work to check what a token does exist or not.
So that we can use request encoded user dot on a score ID then we're passing the address of the user
as part of the Jason body user guide dress instead of just user put the post method.
We simply check each of the requested body to see whether they are empty or not.
If it is not empty then set it to the new value which is required by the address one to seek the state
country or portico.
Finally we save it and response back the message injection format.
So that could change these two addresses.
Let us test it on postman.
The postman and capitis is here to address.
So let's check on our show and we got to start the server
connected to babies are like let's go in and click send.
No two can provide it again we got to prove why it seem like this a transition or head or and as well
as copy this entire thing was here and Dan sent it again true address is empty because you know we did
not submit any data to address object just yet.
So it was go ahead to close body and address.
One will be changed to this one.
This one will be awesome.
I know I to call with any
boss to see it.
Also he wrote state I know the name is proving generic and postal code 9 0 2 1 0 1 and I think is about
right.
Let's check again.
Country Let's go back to my country.
Just watch our costs and this is amazing TV.
So here's why.
So now let's post it successfully added to your address.
And there's good change used to get and sent one more time.
And there you have it.
Amazing in this video we learn how to address API for both post and get in the next section.
Adam Petersen will handle the front end part.
I'll see you guys in the next section.